Call now and get killed. Don't fight.
Don't fight. I said. I said.
My son has a blood disease. I will join the police with Wang Gui.
If you find out the blood type of your matching number, be sure to tell me.
He contacted several hospitals at once.
For five days, I was writing at a banquet in another hospital.
It was discovered that it was written by Xiong. Wang Guilian came to tell me.
I asked him to pump a little more. I thought,
I smoked it every day for five days. So you admit that you did the infrastructure work.
Right? I admit it,
This is what I asked Wang Guilian to do. Including five-day parents.
Go to print banner
Pain in front of Tianjin Hospital
These news
Very few
You did it too
Yes, I have used some relationships
Threatened them
They don't dare anymore
I like these things
a word for me
You delete them all
Then why did things shut down?
You want to blow up the car?
Follow up and investigate my affairs
In fact, I already knew
So I took advantage of the opportunity
Bombs were installed in the parking lot in advance
Waiting for the bomb
No one has finished investigating this car.
So where do you want a piece of help to bomb
Of course it was his daughter Fanfan who came in
But I reminded you to get out of the car and use explosive bombs.
Then he can spend time with his daughter
It's just that we didn't expect it
There was your wife in the car, including him.
What you don’t know even more is
He also has a bomb
Before you get out of the car
willing to explode bomb
caused your bomb to explode
The whole car killed no one
He also has a bomb
When will he blow him up?